So we're going to close the session for today and for the whole day of session.
So I'll ask the DEVRA managers to help us to organize if they could come as well with
us and then we'll let Simon close everything.
So thank you everyone for staying right to the bitter end here.
So the DEVRA managers that have been organizing the day for you today are Enzo over there.
Enzo was allowed to do this by clips.
There's Deb here.
Deb broadly did this because he wanted to.
There's Heath here from the European Union.
He's had to take it took him about a week to get permission from his boss to do this.
So I think I thank him very much for doing that.
Yeah, yeah.
So let me see.
We've got Alex here who is from FSFE.
We've not in the room at the moment.
We have Axel from Open Forum Europe who is out wandering the estate.
And Martin without whom we probably wouldn't have done it at all right from the beginning.
So thank you very much, Martin.
So what are we going to do with all this?
Well, the reason we've had a rapporteur in each of the four workshops is because we were told that if we want to get any traction at the European Commission, we need to give them a report.
And so we've taken notes of all four of the workshops and we're going to construct a report that gives the essential feedback from each of the elements.
We're going to make it look nice.
And we're going to work out how to subdivide it so that it can be used in each of the directorates where it will be a useful tool.
And hopefully that will be a way that there will be lasting change and not just a great weekend at FOSDEM.
I am also very grateful to Alistair Kergan from the FOSDEM organizing team who has been our guardian angel for making this happen and making the keynote session that we had yesterday happen.
Without him, we probably wouldn't have got it.
And also last year.
And so we're very grateful to him as well.
And I'm very grateful to so many people, the people who are here now and the people who have been here all day, who have been so positive and encouraging and engaged so well with the European Commission staff.
And I want to especially thank the European Commission staff who have given up a weekend day.
In some cases, in the case of Omar and Benjamin, two weekend days to come and meet 8,000 friends who they didn't realize they had before.
I'd like to encourage those of you in the commission to treat us as your friends.
We're not lobbyists.
We're subject experts.
So please refer to us whenever you're preparing legislation in the way that you would refer to a subject expert.
Many of us are freely available to you whenever you write.
We're on signal.
So.
And on matrix.
Maybe parliament.
So.
So behind the scenes, we've also had some support.
You haven't seen anyone from council here today.
We did try to reach out.
We didn't actually find anyone who was free this weekend.
And we're grateful to the people from the parliament who supported us.
And it's really very good to have had all three parts of the Trident present here.
I think it amazes me.
I've been coming to FOSDEM since 2006.
And it amazes me that it's taken until 2023 last year for this to show up at FOSDEM.
But we are going to try and make sure that it remains an important instrument in creating end user agency and
software freedom for people throughout Europe going forward and in perpetuity.
And with that, thank you very much.
And there is a closing session in Janssen.